create a java class for an OpenAI API Assistant object with setters and getters.
The object represents an assistant that can call the model and use tools.

A json description of the Assistant class is the following:
{
  "id": "asst_abc123",
  "object": "assistant",
  "created_at": 1698984975,
  "name": "Math Tutor",
  "description": null,
  "model": "gpt-4",
  "instructions": "You are a personal math tutor. When asked a question, write and run Python code to answer the question.",
  "tools": [
    {
      "type": "code_interpreter"
    }
  ],
  "file_ids": [],
  "metadata": {}
}

Next is the detail description of the Assistant object with elements defined by element name, data type and description:

id
string
The identifier, which can be referenced in API endpoints.

object
string
The object type, which is always assistant.

created_at
integer
The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the assistant was created.

name
string or null
The name of the assistant. The maximum length is 256 characters.

description
string or null
The description of the assistant. The maximum length is 512 characters.

model
string
ID of the model to use. You can use the List models API to see all of your available models, or see our Model overview for descriptions of them.

instructions
string or null
The system instructions that the assistant uses. The maximum length is 32768 characters.

tools
array
A list of tool enabled on the assistant. There can be a maximum of 128 tools per assistant. Tools can be of types code_interpreter, retrieval, or function.


Hide possible types
Code interpreter tool
object

Show properties
Retrieval tool
object

Show properties
Function tool
object

Show properties
file_ids
array
A list of file IDs attached to this assistant. There can be a maximum of 20 files attached to the assistant. Files are ordered by their creation date in ascending order.

metadata
map
Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Keys can be a maximum of 64 characters long and values can be a maxium of 512 characters long.